Hey,
guys,
welcome back.
So in this video,
we're going to see how weaken Group by ranges in pivot tables.
So I've got my pivot table here,
and this time I'm actually gonna put the sales amount here in the rose section.
And as you can see here,
we get the amounts for our sales transactions year.
So these amounts are actually the amounts for our sales transactions here or the sales
amount that was in each row off our data.
We can actually group these amounts into bins or buckets.
And to do that,
we can right click,
go to group.
And as you can see here,
the amount here would be starting at the amount for the minimum sales amount or the minimum
amount for our transactions,
which is 20,259 and ending at the maximum amount for our transactions.
I can group these into bins or buckets off 10,000 if I click.
OK,
here.
You can see here they have been grouped into bins or buckets off 10,000.
Now,
if I drag here,
the sales amount into submission of Value section,
it would tell us how many transactions occurred in each bucket.
So it's basically telling us that there were 19 transactions that happened between 20,259
to $30,258.
Okay,
on then,
22 transactions between 30,259 and $40,258.
And if you don't like these bins,
you can actually put bins of your own.
So if you right click,
go to group here,
I can make my bins,
for example.
Start from $10,000 up until ah,
$100,000 for example.
And with $10,000 increments If I click OK,
here,
you can see here I get my bins year between 20,000 to 100,000.
And I didn't get any bins on the $10,000 amounts because I did not have any transactions
between 10,000 and 20 thousands.
So this is why I don't have any results for the 10,000 to 20,000 bins.
But if I add like another row of data here,
if I just copy any raw data that I have,
just copy any row here and put the sales amount as 10,000 and just refresh my pivot table.
Because here I have this one transaction between 10,000 and 19,999.
So that's it,
guys.
For grouping by ranges in pivot tables.
Thank you very much watching this video I'll see on the next one.